Title: Vim bug fixing
Student: Martin Toft Bay
Mentor: Abraham Moolenaar

Abstract:

The many features of Vim makes it a really great editor, however, as the list
of features grow, it is important to keep all of them working flawlessly. Users
trust Vim when editing even their most important files and must be spared as
many unpleasant surprises as possible. I have chosen 14 known bugs to focus on
and categorized them into "General Bugs", "Syntax Highlighting Bugs",
"Completion Bugs", and "Documentation Bugs". The general bugs that I wish to
fix are:

M- When setting 'keymap' twice the b:keymap_name variable isn't set. (Milan
  Berta, 2007 Mar 9) Has something to do with 'iminsert'.
- ":lockvar" should use copyID to avoid endless loop.
M- More-prompt is skipped when doing this; (Randall W. Morris, Jun 17)
    :au
    <Space>
    b
    <Space>
C- ":confirm w" does give a prompt when 'readonly' is set, but not when the
  file permissions are read-only. Both can be overruled by ":w!" thus it would
  be logical to get a prompt for both. (Michael Schaap)
M- When 'bomb' is set or reset the file should be considered modified. (Tony
  Mechelynck) Handle like 'endofline'.
C- ":py" asks for an argument, ":py asd" then gives the error that ":py" isn't
  implemented. Should already happen for ":py".
M- Allow more than 3 ":match" items.
M- When pattern for ":sort" is empty, use last search pattern. Allows trying out
  the pattern first. (Brian McKee)

Syntax highlighting bugs:

- C syntax: "#define x {" The macro should terminate at the end of the line,
  not continue in the next line. (Kelvin Lee, 2006 May 24)
- C syntax: {} inside () causes following {} to be highlighted as error.
  (Michalis Giannakidis, 2006 Jun 1)

Completion bugs:

- C completion: doesn't work after aa[0]->, where aa is an array of structures.
  (W. de Hoog, 2006 Aug 12)
- Completion menu: For a wrapping line, completing a long file name, only the
  start of the path is shown in the menu. Should move the menu to the right to
  show more text of the completions. Shorten the items that don't fit in the
  middle?

Documentation bugs:

- Write "making vim work better" for the docs (mostly pointers): *nice*
    - sourcing $VIMRUNTIME/vimrc_example.vim
    - setting 'mouse' to "a"
    - getting colors in xterm
    - compiling Vim with X11, GUI, etc.
- There should be something about spell checking in the user manual.

Some of the bug descriptions are vague and will need to be discussed with
developers and bug reporters.
